Make DestinationNavigator entry-aware (#1449)
freeletics/khonshu: docs/codegen/get-started.md

## Navigation set up

Generated destination graphs provide a `DestinationNavigator2` that is scoped to the destination and

> aware of its back stack entry. It can either be injected directly or be delegated to by a screen

Reviewer: mentioning prior bug is irrelevant

```suggestion
Generated destination graphs provide a `DestinationNavigator2` that is scoped to the destination. It can either be injected directly or be delegated to by a screen
```

Generated destination graphs also provide a `DestinationNavigator2` for each generated destination.
This navigator is additive to `DestinationNavigator`: generated code still uses the existing
`DestinationNavigator` binding for activity/platform navigation setup, while `DestinationNavigator2`
can be injected when code needs entry-aware behavior. It forwards activity and permission navigation
APIs to that `DestinationNavigator`. It is tied to the current stack entry and can be injected
directly into state machines or helper classes that are not themselves contributed as the
`DestinationNavigator` binding.

A class that is contributed as `DestinationNavigator` should not inject `DestinationNavigator2`, because
`DestinationNavigator2` is built from that `DestinationNavigator` binding.

Because a `DestinationNavigator2` is tied to a concrete stack entry, back-style navigation is guarded:
`navigateBack`, `navigateUp`, and `navigateBackTo` no-op once the entry that
created the navigator is no longer on the stack. Forward/root-changing operations like `navigateTo`,
`switchBackStack`, `showRoot`, and `replaceAllBackStacks` are intentionally not guarded so flows can

> still replace the current entry with another destination.

Reviewer: I think there's a lot of unnecessary implementation details here for 'getting started' document.

Generally I'd prefer to update the documentation after we finalize implementation and API details.
